next flatbush his own Raven was in one's
burg shooting his latest video
katchafire was on the scene with all the
excitement all right everybody it's
katchafire and i'm in the building at
ravens video shoots with its new video
bucket up if you follow me right I don't
know if someone you know these some of
these um put it shines when it come to
bucking it up right leg over left leg oh
that's a Potter the Sun Oh some of these
brave girls going their heads you know
the classic bucket up splitsville
another classic bucket up and of course
for the brave girls them this is another
one but anyways you're going to see the
real deal with the real girls who really
not to shake it and the song is really
for them rayvon brought this song for
y'all girls and if you could do any of
those on the side you should have been
here let's go inside and check out what
ray vaughn is doing inside
alright everybody waiting brooklyn new
york and were on a set of reabon new
video shoot me Jalen when everyone yeah
fuck it off I like a little girl in my
buckets Afghanistan 2010-2011 to the
girl image back in it Josh me mano are
we came in in the middle of the shoot
there was a magnet and all the girls I'm
good
you wait for to the video time is yo you
see the video I've been here from like
eight o'clock this morning have you been
working hard the ladies man from seven
you look to trust me does mon energy
vibes participation 100 sent yo
everybody can't wait to check this video
back it up right here off the album
rainbow in stores right now big enough
girls all over the Caribbean right
Africa boys are people so a nasty party
with
fuck it up operator coming up show nada
stop right now trust me motherfucker I
said like two months or maybe four weeks
the number that long once i get a video
banging all your favorite station i find
out we're never going on matter of fact
follow me on one rail our twitter get me
on my facebook page the myspace page i
missed the rave on gtc we'll just get
that chatter entertainment just keeping
it rock right here entertainment com
you
I